---
layout: post
title: "Vanlife"
date: 2019-06-10
description:
image: /assets/images/van.jpg
author: Joshua Jordan
tags: 
  - vanlife
  - Funny
---
Yay! 

The adventure begins.

First stop is picking up our van from London. In our sensibility we thought that buying a van sight unseen off trade me was a wise way to start our adventure. You know, ride our luck right from the beginning of the trip. 

The current owners were very good at projecting a certain lifestyle in the ebay images. Lot's of twee photos of sunset picnics and views of the water from the van door. A lot less photo's of exterior of the van. The interior of the van. The engine. Luckily we're not complete fools, we saw they had a surfboard in one of the photos. Thus ascertaining their upstanding character, we put a bid on a lifestyle.

After a surprisingly non-hellish plane ride we arrived in London. Feeling rather surreal we wait outside a tube station off the northern line for our van to arrive.

"Wow that's a very large van." 

"What's that awful sound coming from it?"

"Oh god what have we done.. hahahaha"

The guy gets out and immediately apologises saying that the horrific noise has literally started 100m down the road. Right. Sure. He assures us we'll have a look at it when we get back to his. Honest it's never done this before. Oh and the odometer, even though it reads 900,000+ miles, that's just something gone wrong with it. It's only done 90,000 or so, must be a decimal place out or something. The manic laughter of Bibi and I just got louder. It was a good thing they were kiwi's and we were lucky otherwise our dream was dead on the ground before we'd begun. 

