---
layout: post
title: "Eulogy"
date: 2019-09-09
description:
image: /assets/images/black.jpg
author: Bibi Bliekendaal
tags: Daniel
---

This is for Daniel.


Dan, I was so proud of you. 

I was so full of pride, and then suddenly, I was empty.

Daniel, my little brother. We grew up together, we eavesdropped on our cool older sister together, we took our cool younger brother out together. 

As kids I remember your weow weow cars and racing cars around a track with you. Jumping on the trampoline. Making huts and dressing up – you’d always be my sidekick. You with your hot-rods, me with my horses.

You were so clever. After school you used to pull the cordless phone apart just so you could put it back together.

You were so funny. When I was in hospital you’d make gaffs and be silly just to make us all laugh. And you were a softie, you were more sensitive than you’d like people to know but we understood, I understood. I can see your face in front of me now, your cheeky grin and sparkling eyes and your arms wide to pull me in for a hug. Your gezeligheid. 

You made it through so much. And after it all you were happy, I know you were. 

You were so smart, you were Mike’s second-in charge at Dynamic IT. Self taught.

You met a gorgeous, brave, strong woman – Alex.

You got a job at a big firm but it wasn’t for you. You hated the corporate life – but back then, we spoke. You were doing it to help Alex. And you did.

And like you helped her, she always helped you. 

So when she’d set up the business, you did what made you happy. And you quit IT to work together.

You had everything going for you.
You had your rock, Alex.
You worked three or so days a week, walking the pack through the Waitakeres.
You’d finished a car you’d built from scratch. 
Your custom crates fit out with SPCA was a hit, they loved it. 
Your next project - the tiny home. You had plans for a section and alternative building plans. 

Last we met, you gave me a welding lesson while you, Josh and I talked engineering and projects, art cars and fast cars. You said you’d miss us, but that you were happy for us – and for yourself.

I wish I’d said more. I’m glad I said I love you. I wish we’d had the chance to do a road trip in France like we spoke about. There’s so much now and in the future that you’re meant to be part of. You’re not supposed to be gone. It’s all wrong. 

It’s all wrong and I’m trying to just remember and keep the good times we had, your presence, your sweetness, your care, our laughs, what we’ve shared. 

I was so full of pride. 

You were there for me. 

You had it, I thought life was good. 

Now you’re gone, it feels so empty. 

Now, I’m just left with memories, so many memories.

I’m trying to fill the hole you left with memories of you.  

I miss you.


