---
layout: post
title: "#vanlife"
date: 2019-06-10
description:
image: /assets/images/van.jpg
author: Joshua Jordan
tags: 
  - vanlife
  - blog
---
Yay! 

The adventure begins.

First stop is picking up our van from London. In our sensibility we thought buying a van sight unseen off ebay was a wise way to start. You know, ride our luck right from the beginning of the trip.

The current owners were very good at projecting a certain lifestyle in the ebay images. Real estate agents could learn a thing or two from this couple. Lots of twee photos of sunset picnics and stunning views of the water. Fewer photos of the exterior, the engine or anything indicating its drivability. 

We're not complete fools. Seeing they had a surfboard in one of the photos, we ascertained their upstanding character and put a bid on a lifestyle.

After a surprisingly non-hellish plane ride we arrive in Heathrow, London. Feeling rather surreal we wait outside a tube station off the Northern Line for the van to arrive.

"Hey, this could be us."

"Wow that's a very large van."

"What's that awful sound coming from it?"

"Oh god. What have we done..."

The guy, Todd, gets out and immediately apologises. The horrific noise as he pulls up has literally started 100m down the road. Right, sure. 

He assures us we'll have a look at it when we get back to his. Honest, it's never done this before. Oh the odometer? Yeah, I know it reads 900,000+ miles, but that's just some weird error with the display. It's only done 90,000, there must be a decimal place out or something. The manic laughter of Bibi and I continued all the way back to his apartment, until we'd signed the paperwork.

It was a good thing they were Kiwis and we were lucky. Otherwise this #vanlife was dead on the ground before we'd begun.